All right seats in theater so we have these several paragraphs and feel free to read over them.
But basically what this is saying is that you are in a theater and we want to know how many people when
you get up to go to the bathroom you're going to walk across and interrupt their movie.
So we're taking four parameters the number of columns the number of rows and the column and row that
you're currently sitting in.
So in our case as we are right here in this corner and we walk all the way across to here we're going
to interrupt 96 people's movies.
I don't have a history.
This is a pure logic one.
Let's go in and jump into it.
So hopefully you're able to look at that image and tell that it's basically a graph there's an x coordinate
there's a y coordinate and between our this is the max amount of of Y.
The max amount of X's.
And then our advice our current space and we need to find out how we can.
How many people are in the end each behind us and to the right of us as we go to X it out.
So there's basically two differences that we need to find we need to find the Cullom difference and
the road difference.
And then if we multiply those we can get our output are what we're expecting to get.
So it's going to go to a concert here or S call this call if and we're set this equal to the total number
of columns minus the current column we're on plus 1.
The reason that we have plus one here is because we want to include the people that were currently in
our row so when we stand up we're immediately blocking the people behind us.
The next thing we do is do a road if we're set this exactly equal to the number of rows minus the current
row.
This is more of a logic one I guess more than a math one.
So what have you figured that out at this point.
All we have to do is call diff times rodef and we're done.
It's a it's it's a.
Can you visualize the situation as a graph and understand what they're asking.
No this is pretty straightforward if you can figure that out it's just really breaking the problem down
really at the end of the day.